Documentation of build API (#82)
ChauffeurPrive/nestor-api: docs/getting_started.md

Create an account with sufficient permissions to be able to merge on protected branches using the workflow features.

**Supported host:** GitHub

## Configuration

### Build

> You should create a hook that is called after merge on the first step of your workflow (e.g. master).
> This will create the docker image by calling the [build API](./api.md#api-build-api).
> The created image docker will be tagged with a reference to the version of your application and the commit hash.
> **This will guarantee that you are using the same version for all environment.**

Reviewer: What about ?
```suggestion
You should create a hook triggered every time new commits are merged on the first step of your workflow (e.g. master) calling [Nestor's build API](./api.md#api-build-api).
This will create a new docker image corresponding to this new version. Nestor will tag this image with a reference to the version of your application and the commit hash before adding it to your Docker registry.
**This will guarantee that you are using the same version for all environment.**
```
You could also try to add some spacing because everything is rendered on a single line.
